Project Description: Text-to-Markdown Converter
Text-to-Markdown Converter is a web application built with Nuxt.js that enables users to effortlessly convert plain text (.txt) files into beautifully formatted Markdown (.md) files. Leveraging the power of OpenAI's GPT-4, the app provides both a downloadable Markdown file and a live preview within the application.

Key Features:
File Upload: Users can upload .txt files through an intuitive interface.
Markdown Conversion: Utilizes OpenAI's GPT-4 to transform plain text into well-structured Markdown.
Live Preview: Displays the converted Markdown in a viewer/editor for immediate feedback.
File Download: Offers the option to download the generated .md file.
Responsive Design: Styled with TailwindCSS and DaisyUI for a modern and responsive user experience.
Secure Configuration: Manages sensitive API keys using environment variables, ensuring security and privacy.
Technologies Used:
Frontend:

Nuxt.js: Framework for building server-rendered Vue.js applications.
TailwindCSS: Utility-first CSS framework for rapid UI development.
DaisyUI: TailwindCSS-based component library for enhanced UI components.
Backend:

OpenAI API: GPT-4 model for intelligent text-to-Markdown conversion.
Formidable: Node.js library for handling file uploads.
Others:

Vercel: Recommended platform for deploying both frontend and backend seamlessly.
Setup Instructions:
Clone the Repository:

bash
Copy code
git clone https://github.com/your-username/text-to-markdown.git
cd text-to-markdown
Install Dependencies:

bash
Copy code
npm install
Configure Environment Variables:

Create a .env file in the root directory.
Add your OpenAI API key:
makefile
Copy code
OPENAI_API_KEY=your-openai-api-key
Run the Development Server:

bash
Copy code
npm run dev
Access the app at http://localhost:3000.
Deployment:
Vercel is recommended for hosting the application, providing seamless integration for both frontend and backend services.
Ensure to set environment variables (.env) securely in the Vercel dashboard.
Usage:
Upload a .txt File:

Navigate to the home page.
Select and upload your .txt file.
Convert to Markdown:

Click the Convert button.
View the live Markdown preview.
Download the .md File:

Click the Download button to save the converted Markdown file to your device.
License:
This project is licensed under the MIT License.

Feel free to contribute or raise issues for any enhancements or bugs. Enjoy converting your text files to Markdown effortlessly!